moin moin and hello I'm the akg and
would like to bid you welcome
to my very first let's play and in
i want this very first let's play
you play the beautiful
introduce mechwarrior online
it is still in the
closed beta and the ndr was canceled
which allows me this beautiful
can make video and big can
It is said to be very similar to tanks
then play free to play and like that
name in principle says plays
huge max fighting robot alike
the match begins I'll explain that for short
interface
There we have our own downstairs
First of all, our cockpit here
by the way and on the left and see the screen
we have our own mac and its
plating
when we get up later in the game
you will still see
which is negotiating yellow orange red
and nothing there where the power of
jenna ran so that's my left
leg now thank you very much money
in the middle we have a minimap
the speed indicator and right
I would like to have the management
say the hit indicator which indicates how
many civilian currently quasi on our
account have slash produce
right in the picture we see ours
Armament divided into the calculation
with the circle and the crosshairs as you like
also in the middle of the weapons in the
group with the circular and its weapons
installed low-weapons are in the crosshairs
are consumed in the house and pay
the same hotfix you can use these weapons
Group and different weapons
group together because all at once
Departing would make little sense and he
is overheating very quickly
In that case, a catapult tax
is a heavy me and have on board
two long hauls four medium hauls
laser
[Music]
I'm trying here now
to target a bit of a few targeted
So my case with long-range missiles
I am very dependent on scouts
crime and I deliver goals in that
case it does not work right now
so good
okay as our passion attacked
I will be back and
look what's going on there
otherwise you have to say it
offers many possibilities the mac
to configure what I like very much
everybody finds it interesting
certain options on weapons you
you can install the armor
decrease or increase
you can increase the heat exchangers and
decrease depending on which weapons you use
just a bread makes sense or less
sense
I thought it would be a victory
Of course the basis for the real
configuration I say yes later the mum
we again something there is also one
what you can and must explain
also should one with it at all
playable max does not have that immediately
overheat
or stop at enemy contact pretty straightforward
burst
at least we managed to do that now
is and says to expel here
then I went back to the
looking for long-range missile target
this again other tech okay
that's the singer back
I say I should go to the wall here
[Music]
the skin
Yes
ok as you can see here very nice
is that the light next heavy
indeed
maneuver out very quickly
and help one sees also that one now
in fact the rear a little bit
has battered
I'm just wondering
why I win as one which
defended
players believe the
[Music]
That's it
Here we see in the case that we
lost and how much so
ingame money earned neat
much experience has warred
what better way for our pilot
can where boni then gives it up
certain attributes and in the end effect
our magazines are improving because of us
for example, move faster faster
can turn etc